patch: [DPE-9830] Promotion by revision (#366)
canonical/data-platform-workflows: .github/workflows/_promote_charms.md

> Subject to **breaking changes on patch release**. `_promote_charms.yaml` is experimental & not part of the public interface.

## Limitations

- All charms must be released to the same track.

> - [If using refresh tags] All charms must share an identical charm refresh compatibility version tag.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- (If using [charm-refresh](https://github.com/canonical/charm-refresh)) All charms must share an identical charm refresh compatibility version tag.
```

## Usage
### Step 1: Add `promote.yaml` file to `.github/workflows/`
```yaml
# Copyright 2026 Canonical Ltd.
# See LICENSE file for licensing details.
name: Promote charms by revision

on:
  workflow_dispatch:
    inputs:
      revisions:
        description: |
          Comma-separated list of git revision tags to promote.

>           These must match the tags pushed by the release workflow.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
          These must match the tags created by canonical/data-platform-workflows release_charm_edge.yaml
```

          Single-charm repo example: 'rev123,rev124'
          Monorepo example: 'mysql/rev123,mysql-k8s/rev124'
        required: true
        type: string
      track:
        description: Charmhub track to promote to
        required: true
        type: string

>         default: 'latest'

Reviewer: Suggest requiring track to be hardcoded & having user dispatch workflow on the git branch for that track

Author: done https://github.com/canonical/data-platform-workflows/pull/366/commits/d576b3af45d4660a62bd1e22e33faa6f82658a08
